--a
<gallery>
    <gallery-name>galileo art</gallery-name>
    <gallery-building-number>5</gallery-building-number>
    <gallery-floor-number>3</gallery-floor-number>
    <exhibition>
        <exhibition-name>כוכבים</exhibition-name>
        <exhibition-subject>planets</exhibition-subject>
        <exhibition-curator>דניאלה ארץ</exhibition-curator>
        <number-of-items>2</number-of-items>
        <item>
            <painting>
                <painting-name>נוגה</painting-name>
                <painting-artist>נוגה ס</painting-artist>
                <rectangle>
                    <length-in-cm>200</length-in-cm>
                    <width-in-cm>100</width-in-cm>
                </rectangle>
            </painting>
        </item>
        <item>
            <painting>
                <painting-name>מאדים</painting-name>
                <painting-artist>מ מאדים</painting-artist>
                <circle>
                    <diameter-in-cm>125</diameter-in-cm>
                </circle>
            </painting>     
        </item>
    </exhibition>
</gallery>



--b
{
    "gallery":{
        "gallery-name":"galileo art",
        "gallery-building-number":5,
        "gallery-floor-number":3,
        "exhibition":{
            "exhibition-name":"כוכבים",
            "exhibition-subject":"planents",
            "exhibition-curator":"דניאלה פרץ",
            "number-of-items":2,
            "item":[
                {
                    "painting":{
                        "painting-name":"נוגה",
                        "painting-artist":"נוגה ס",
                        "rectangle":{
                            "length-in-cm":200,
                            "width-in-cm":100
                        }
                    }
                },
                {
                    "painting":{
                        "painting-name":"מאדים",
                        "painting-artist":"מ מאדים",
                        "circle":{
                            "diameter-in-cm":125
                        }
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}



--c
galileo art               instance of                  gallery
galileo art               gallery-building-number      "5"
galileo art               gallery-floor-number         "3"
galileo art               has-exhibition               "כוכבים"
כוכבים                   instance of                  exhibition
exhibition                exhibition-subject           "planents"
exhibition                exhibition-curator           "דניאלה פרץ"
exhibition                present                      item
painting                  instance of                  item
painting1                 instance of                  painting
painting1                 painting-form                rectangle1
painting1                 painting-name                "נוגה"
painting1                 painting-artist              "נוגה ס"
rectangle                 instance of                  form
rectangle1                instance of                  rectangle
rectangle1                length-in-cm                 "200"
rectangle1                width-in-cm                  "100"
painting2                 instance of                  painting
circle1                   painting-form                painting2
painting2                 painting-name                "מאדים"
painting2                 painting-artist              "מ מאדים"
circle                    instance of                  form
circle1                   instance of                  circle
circle1                   diameter-in-cm               "125"

